got this new Sony Trinitron today it's a
27-inch it's one of those 90s
square-looking commercial models as the
frame or on the tube casing it doesn't
have a tuner but but as AV and other
types of professional inputs
Sonne design our Christmas tree up
needs to be cleaned badly
it's got like dust and mud and stuff
are the picture controls
August 1990
here are the inputs and monitor controls
and this has an adapter for 7501 two RCA
connection already installed on there so
you can use a standard RCA jack on there
so if s-video VTR and the sync control
down there it doesn't have speakers you
have to put external speakers on there
stereo also its power outlet like I said
this thing needs to be clean it wasn't
bottom of someone shed
it's got like dead bugs and stuff and it
stinks too I don't know if you know what
stink bugs smell like but this exactly
what it smells like
power
this is transformers a movie 1986
running on a Sony HiFi stereo VCR deck a
VHS deck
Chris as the square Trinitron picture
tube unlike the standard pincushion
shapes that most people use used
nowadays but I can't get the focus but
if this control volume picture your
input selectors
reset hue color bright sharp tribal base
and balance
see if we can get the diggers to work
such fun to watch
and that is the Sony Trinitron